hello hello everyone gives me great pleasure
say hello, I want to show you a little
what is
university where he finds studying
I think part of what the
as you can see below
we have carlos
now
completely green
the grass
I do not know for what reason but all
buildings are made of brick all
those that are school
cities and any other type of
schools everything is done
study to a
Korean school will meet
next we will see how
the buildings are the same
all brick
and these days they 're on vacation
all the university students so the
school is completely deserted
but you can appreciate what the
buildings
and may continue to appreciate
the school is full of a lot
vegetation like Koreans
much the green areas
students study in an environment
comfortable
of all the universities that are
out of town for what
the students can study without much
appreciate the background
a very beautiful landscape
Many
vegetation
sure that you if you would like
study in a
university as it is full of trees
of a lot of vegetation in the back
of the trees you will find
Living room library
study
two
everything is complete
desert
not because there is not completely nothing
but future
vacation
avoiding holidays only
they were left
front
after appreciating the background we have
some bicycles those bicycles are from
the university and they can take them all
the university students we have a person
like a bicycle you carry it
that someone else
all university students have access to
she
as you can see below in
the opposite
south korea university
full of trees
one day
for each one of those who
see it and
the next